# Welcome

This is a repository of various projects relating to the trombone.

The focus will be transcription of musical works in the Public Domain, which are commonly used in audition, study and performance. It is my fervent hope that individuals who may otherwise be unable to obtain copyrighted editions of these classic works of music in print may freely view, edit, and generally make use of these open digital versions to further their musicianship and thereby enrich both their own lives and that of those around them. I intend minimal editing of the original works, which are the focus of this project. However, in cases where minor modifications may make the artifacts avaialable herein eligible for copyright, and to the extent which I am permitted to do so, I release said artifacts back into the Public Domain, via [Creative Commons zero (CC0)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Creative_Commons_license#Zero_/_public_domain). 

I welcome any and all contributions to this effort, and I will endeavor to credit all contributions. My preferred software for transcription is [musescore](https://musescore.org/en). I have no direct ties to that project, but I appreciate its free and open source nature, as democratization of technology is a movement near and dear to my heart. Contributions using other music software will of course be considered, providing that licensing restrictions do not conflict with goals of the project. Source files exported in [MusicXML format](https://www.musicxml.com/) are preferred for this project, as this open format is widely portable between multiple popular software options, in addition to musescore. Uncompressed source files are much larger than the default compressed versions many music applications use, but in addition to being more portable, uncompressed flat text files allow for clear change tracking in Github.